---
title: "COMP693 Report Due in 3 days"
date: 2025-05-29
---

# COMP693 is about to end 

Went to Lincoln Uni around 10 am to sit behind the grounded cafe and writing my final report. Arwie came over and we sat together but worked on different sujects for the next 2 hours. Writing report is an reflection of all my work for the past 3 month. I realized a lot of mistakes I made in the beginning, but like many thing else there is no go back button. 

While sitting in the cafe, I realized how comfortable university is. The seating is good; the room is warm. I felt been able to study at this age is a blessing. I don't have to wake up in the freezing morning, or running outside when it is raining. Instead, I am writing something to tell others what I did in the past 3 month. 

I have also been thinking why did I wasted my university education 20 years ago. Was it simply because I had no good advice or mentor, or was something else brewing inside me, and it is still inside somewhere. I am not an A+ chaser like others I have seen in the class. For a long time I thought there is no need to chase A+, but maybe it also speaks of my lack of motivation to excel in one area. I never felt the urge to be excellent at something. Especially when I was in my early 20s, I didn't feel the need to finish university and get a job that matches my degree. Now I am in my mid 40s, everything is different. If I don't get an IT job within the next few years, I probably never will. Even with these kind of presure I am still not putting 100% of my energy into study. I am putting efforts in, but just not as much as I would like myself to. 