---
title: "A day for study"
date: 2025-06-09
---

Woke up at 8:10 this morning. I have to get into the habit of waking up early to get ready for ski season. 

Rushed through breakfast then into meeting with group KAT. This is our last meeting. They have completed all epics already, and was just working to fix some bugs. 

After meeting, head to Rolleston to pick up Arwie then went to study at Lincoln library. Medium level of productivity. Was able to make progress on 637 assignment by getting the requirements review done on FarmIQ. Still wasted a lot of time here and there, and progress is still very slow, but at least getting some thing done is better than wasting all day. 

After study, head home and picked up Queenie for Korfball practice. Then went to China Town Market to buy some ingredients for making Wonton tonight. 

Home, made Wonton for everyone with some frozen for later. Then head straight to meeting with group NSN. They have just completed the help desk epic. 

Went out for daily night walk, come home then decided to put the new house for rental. Tried trademe first, but they are charging $249 for a basic ads. Decided to try realstate.co.nz, they only charge $49 for an add, and their interface is slightly better than trademe, except they don't allow multiple photo uploads, which is strange for a realstate website. So put up the ad, paid $49, waiting for approval now. I am waiting to see how effective is realstate.co.nz. I feel trademe is too expansive, but I may end up going to trademe again if no one enquires from realstate. 

Going skiing this Saturday with kids, but I am not making enough progress on 637 yet. I will need to speed up over the next few days. 