---
title: "Remembering James Jiao"
date: 2025-05-27
---


I was in deep shock when I heard that James had passed away. It was so sudden — like an electric current that jolted through my entire body.

I first met James at Hagley Community College, in our ESOL class. We were two struggling migrant kids from mainland China. I  remember how we used to unite against the Taiwanese students and chanting Chinese slogans. 

Later, James went on to Hillmorton High School, and I went to Riccarton. On weekends, we would ride our bikes for 30 minutes just to hang out and play computer games. It was at James’s house that I first played Castle Wolfenstein, and he proudly showed me his very first C++ program.

James is passionate about gaming and computing. We both went to the University of Canterbury, but James studied hard, earned his MCSA certificates, and carved out a career doing what he loved.

The last time I saw him was at a restaurant in Christchurch during the COVID years. I assumed, like many of us do, that life was treating him well — until the news reached me.

I remember James for his passion for gaming and technology. I remember his smile, and his occasional stutter. Most of all, I remember James because he touched my life and left a mark on my heart.

Rest in peace, James. You will always be remembered.


*** from Takuya ***
> Hi everyone, I have some bad news to pass on to you. James Jiao died suddenly on the 19th of May. His wife said he passed away from a ruptured aneurysm. There will be a funeral in Auckland from 10:30am to 12:30pm NZ time, but there is a link to the live stream for family and friends who can't make it. I will add this once I have the link from James' wife Alina. <br>Also, if any of you have any stories or memories you would like to share with his wife or share to be read out at the funeral, please share them here and I can pass them on. Thank you.